! cnn ) -- not only is tetsuya kumakawa the greatest ever japanese ballet dancer , he is one of the best the world has ever seen . his athletic grace has won him fans wherever he has performed , and his dedication to the art continues to bring ballet to new audiences . capable of soaring leaps and flawless turns , tetsuya `` teddy '' kumakawa has thrilled audiences the world over . founded in 1998 , his k-ballet company has built on the success he acheived at the royal ballet in covent garden , london . born in sapporo on hokkaido -- japan 's north island -- in 1972 , kumakawa took up ballet after seeing his eight year-old cousin , hironao perform at school in sapporo . like any 10 year old boy , his new hobby had to compete with other activities -- he also enjoyed kendo , baseball and drawing -- but it was ballet that he really fell in love with . from a young age kumakawa had been keen to see the world and the arrival of foreign guest tutors at his school only reinforced those desires . but it was swiss ballet teacher hans meister 's visit to hokkaido that proved to be a turning point in kumakawa 's nascent career . meister encouraged him to travel and recommended that he attend the royal ballet school  rbs ) in london or the canadian national ballet school . kumakawa was just 15 years old when he left home to take up a place at the rbs . less than two years later , in january 1989 , he won both the gold medal and the newly established prince takamado prize at the prestigious prix de lausanne in switzerland . he was without question the star of the competition , producing soaring leaps in a performance from ` don quixote ' . in the spring of 1989 he turned professional , becoming the first asian dancer to join the royal ballet company  rbc ) -- his first solo part was the leading mandolin player in `` romeo and juliet . '' in june he won the classical ballet prize at the eurovision young dancer of the year competition held in paris . kumakawa experienced a meteoric rise through the ranks of the rbc . he quickly became a soloist , dancing the act 1 pas de trois in tchaikovsky 's ` swan lake ' and completed a memorable performance as the bronze idol in la bayadère -- a cameo role that showcased his extraordinary jumping ability . the following season he was chosen for the role of the fool in the premiere of kenneth macmillan 's ` the prince and the pagodas ' . in 1991 he was promoted to first soloist and was a principal dancer by 1993 . so developed a mutual love affair between kumakawa , his new fans and his adoptive city . `` i was so pleased to participate in british culture , '' he told the japan times in 2004 . by the age of 26 ` teddy ' , as he had become known to his friends in the uk -- ` kuma ' means ` bear ' in japanese -- had danced the full repertoire of classical and modern roles at the rbc . the man who had wowed london audiences with his acrobatic jumps and audacious turns was about to leap into a new chapter of his life . in 1998 he left the royal ballet to found his own company -- the k-ballet -- back home in tokyo . it was a highly controversial move at the time . not only had he upped sticks in the middle of a season , he also took five of the royal ballet 's star male performers with him to japan . the british press and the ballet fraternity were not impressed . greeted as a returning hero in his native country , kumakawa took on the roles of leading dancer , teacher , artistic director and company manager simultaneously . but despite the formidable workload and responsibility the new k-ballet flourished , fostering a wider interest in japanese ballet . in 2004 , kumakawa established the k-ballet school . the same year , the k-ballet became the first japanese ballet company to perform at the metropolitan opera house in new york . a career-threatening knee injury , suffered whilst on a k-ballet tour of japan in may 2007 has temporarily sidelined kumakawa from performing . but he expects to be back on stage next year , delighting audiences with virtuoso performances once again . in the meantime , kumakawa -- who continues to enjoy pop star status in japan -- continues to pass on his expertise to a new generation of dancers . e-mail to a friend .