/buenos aires , argentina  cnn ) -- when susana trimarco 's daughter marita veron was 23 , she vanished from their hometown in argentina , a suspected victim of a human trafficking and prostitution ring with links throughout latin america and europe . marita veron , who is missing , hugs her daughter micaela . police believe marita was forced into sexual slavery . trimarco , 54 , has spent the past 6 1/2 years searching for her daughter , often putting herself at risk . while chasing down leads on marita 's whereabouts , she 's entered dark and dangerous brothels and confronted pimps and politicians who , she says , are complicit in her daughter 's disappearance . she has won accolades throughout latin america , europe and the united states for her work . but marita is nowhere to be found . `` marita is a wonderful and caring girl . my life will be completely absorbed with this fight until she is back and safe , '' trimarco said . on april 3 , 2002 , veron left her house in the northern argentine province of tucuman early for a doctor 's appointment . she was wearing a turquoise shirt , blue jeans and old white sneakers . as she left the house , she told her mother , `` do n't worry . i 'll be back soon . '' those were the last words the two exchanged . the investigation that has followed has led police and trimarco to believe that she was kidnapped and forced into prostitution , either in rural argentina or spain . so far , a series of random clues has failed to provide any concrete information on marita 's whereabouts . now , art is imitating life on argentina 's airwaves . trimarco 's story has become the basis of one of argentina 's most popular nighttime soap operas , `` vidas robadas , '' or `` stolen lives . '' watch art imitate activism '' the program premiered in march on telefe , one of argentina 's largest television networks , to a lukewarm response . but as the storyline and characters evolved and word started to spread , the audience grew , and it became water-cooler television . `` stolen lives '' attracts more than 2 million viewers nightly , a considerable feat considering argentina 's population is only 40 million . the show 's plot centers on widowed anthropologist bautista amaya  played by facundo arana ) and rosario soler  soledad silveyra ) -- the mother of a young kidnapped girl , based on trimarco -- who team up to unravel an underground prostitution ring . `` with every performance , i try to display the inner feelings of this woman who is suffering , to transmit her grief , '' silveyra said . `` as an actress , i feel an enormous responsibility . '' the usual telenovela themes of love , passion and revenge are ever present in `` stolen lives , '' but the show strives to expose an issue that has remained in the dark in argentina until recently . human rights groups in argentina estimate that 800 women have gone missing at the hands of human traffickers since 2007 . worldwide , about 800,000 people are trafficked across borders annually , according to the u.s. state department . `` i am delighted that the show has been able to bring this topic to light , because no one ever talked about human trafficking in argentina before , '' trimarco said . `` stolen lives '' is the latest in a series of recent argentine telenovelas that dissect important social issues while also aiming to entertain . one of the most important was the 2006 hit `` montecristo , '' which examined crimes against humanity committed by argentina 's military during the 1970s and 1980s . local versions of `` montecristo '' are produced in nine countries around the globe , including turkey , portugal , mexico and russia . `` with these types of telenovelas , we are able to bring something entirely new to the public debate . and because we take a take a fictional and not a journalistic approach , we are able to attract and keep more viewers , '' telefe programming director claudio villarruel said . `` montecristo '' helped reunite children of argentina 's dirty war who `` disappeared '' with lost family members . the dirty war happened from 1976-83 , when the government carried out a secret campaign to purge the country of those it considered to be dissidents . `` stolen lives '' is making a similarly strong impact . trimarco established a foundation in her daughter 's honor , fundacion maria de los angeles , last year in tucuman . it counts u.s. ambassador to argentina earl wayne and argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner among its supporters . according to trimarco , the foundation has rescued 360 women and children from trafficking networks , and leads on missing people continue to pour in . argentina passed its first national law against human trafficking this year , a law that trimarco lobbied hard to get passed . meanwhile , praise rings from home and abroad . in may , `` stolen lives '' was declared a show of `` social interest '' by the buenos aires city legislature . in 2007 , trimarco received the u.s. state department 's `` international women of courage award '' from secretary of state condoleezza rice at a ceremony in washington . later this year , trimarco will travel to spain to speak about human trafficking with lawmakers from the european union . `` it 's just like condoleezza rice told me : my screams are being heard all over the world , '' she said . trimarco travels around argentina constantly , educating people about human trafficking , and following up on clues about marita . she is also raising marita 's daughter , micaela , 9 . with all the publicity surrounding the case and the success of `` stolen lives , '' trimarco has herself become a target . her accusations of political and police involvement have led to death threats , she says . still , she remains committed to the cause and says that collaborating with the producers of `` stolen lives '' to tell her story has helped give her the strength to continue searching for her daughter . `` i 'm content , because my pain is now serving a purpose , '' she said .